#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
The system under development will combine reflected binary patterns, stereo
 vision, and photogrammetry to create a rapid, high-resolution method for
 scanning entire three-dimensional components of a wide range of sizes.
 Projecting a sequence of binary patterns on a subject will yield a mesh
 of a single view of the three-dimensional object.
 This mesh will then be combined with other views through the use of photogramme
try tracking.
 With the software in development a simple calibration process will allow
 for one click measurement for each object view.
 The streamlined system utilizes two Logitech C905 webcams and a Optima
 PK201 Pico Pocket Projector on a custom mounting system.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\lang english
needs more emphasis on streamlining
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
The system's generated object geometry will be compatible with all major
 CAD packages, allowing for true reverse-engineering in one step.
 The ability to modify and rapid-prototype a version of the original part
 will greatly streamline the product development process.
 Additionally this process is ideal for use in the creation of custom mechanical
 accessories for existing parts and systems.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\lang english
describe implications of this project
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
