#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Acknowledgments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The team would like to thank our Adviser, Professor Cosme Furlong, for all
 his assistance throughout the project.
 His ideas, support, and genuine interest and expertise helped guide us
 throughout this long process.
 We thank him for his patience with our setbacks as well as his enthusiasm
 with our successes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We would also like to thank Ivo Dobrev, Ellery Harrington, Babak Aghazadeh,
 and the rest of the members of the CHSLT Laboratory for their assistance
 throughout the year.
 Whether helping us find equipment in the lab, providing valuable insight
 on key concepts, or simply encouraging us to complete our goals, the lab
 members have been a tremendous support in our efforts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we would like to thank PTI Industries for their funding and support.
 Thanks to their sponsorship we were able to purchase equipment quickly
 and effectively without having to worry about going over budget.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
