#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Calibration
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "chap:Calibration"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The techniques outlined in the previous sections rely on calibration for
 accurate reconstruction of a single view.
 Calibration allows the system to measure both intrinsic parameters (such
 as focal length) and extrinsic parameters (such as relative position and
 orientation) of the cameras and projector.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Camera Calibration
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Calibration Process
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Camera calibration consists of determining the intrinsic and extrinsic propertie
s of the cameras.
 The intrinsic properties of the camera are the focal length and lens distortion
s.
 The focal length is a very important parameter to triangulation, so even
 if the manufacturer gives this value it still must be calculated during
 calibration in order to ensure the accuracy of the given value.
 Correcting for lens distortions is critical for obtaining accurate input,
 and doing so removes distortions from the resulting mesh, vastly improving
 results.
 The extrinsic parameters are the location and orientition of the cameras.
 For simplicity the coordinate system is always defined such that the theoretica
l pinhole of one of the cameras is at the origin, with the optical axis
 of that camera aligned with the z-axis of the system.
 Extrinsic calibration of the cameras allows for stereo vision, which adds
 to the accuracy of the measurments being taken.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Both intrinsic and extrinsic calibration are carried out simultaneously.
 To do so it is necessary to have a calibration board, which is a flat board
 or panel with a calibration pattern on it.
 The calibration pattern we utilize is a simple checkerboard pattern with
 a known square size.
 This square size is input into the software as the only parameter for calibrati
on.
 Then pictures of the pattern are taken at several different orientations.
 It is important to use many orientations, and to fill every portion of
 the image with the pattern at least once if possible.
 These calibration images are then batched processed by the camera calibration
 algorithm to generate the camera calibration parameters.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Calibration Algorithms 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Projector Calibration
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Calibration Process
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After the camera calibration is complete, the projector calibration can
 be carried out.
 Just like with camera calibration, projector calibration consists of determinin
g both intrinsic and extrinsic parameters.
 The intrinsic parameters are once again focal length and distortion, while
 the extrinsic parameters are the position and orientation of the projector
 relative to the coordinate system established during camera calibration.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In order to perform projector calibration the calibration board needs to
 be in a fixed position where it can be seen by both cameras.
 Then a series of binary patterns are projected onto the calibration board
 with the stereo camera system taking an image of each pattern.
 The patterns consist of first vertical stripes and then horizontal stripes.
 These images are then batch processed by the projector calibration algorithm
 in order to generate the projector calibration parameters.
 These parameters are used in conjunction with the camera calibration parameters
 when processing any images taken with the sytem into meshes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Calibration Algorithms
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
