#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Executive Summary
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Engineers are constantly seeking new tools to allow them to innovate more
 efficiently and effectively.
 The process of rapid digitization of an existing object, modification of
 that object in computer-aided design (CAD) software, and fabrication of
 the new object through rapid-prototyping is one such tool.
 Presently there are low cost options for both CAD packages and rapid prototypin
g.
 However, there does not presently exist a low cost solution for rapid-digitizat
ion of existing objects.
 Therefore, the goal of this project is to create a cost effective system
 for rapid digitization that is easily integrable with existing CAD packages
 and 3D printers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are many reasons why a designer or operator may wish to obtain a CAD
 model from an existing physical component or other object.
 These reasons include reproduction of an obsolete part, modification of
 a complex existing part, analysis of a worn or damaged part, and art conservati
on and restoration, among others.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Background
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To develop our system, we analyzed all major optical imaging techniques
 that have been published, as well as the workings of some commercial scanning
 packages.
 Our research specifically placed emphasis on photogrammetry, a technique
 which recovers shape based on a series of photographs; spatially-multiplexed
 methods, a group of techniques that can reconstruct a 3D image from a single
 camera frame; and temporally-multiplexed methods, a category of techniques
 that use a series of projected patterns to recover 3D shape from a static
 scene.
 Both spatial and temporal multiplexing techniques fall under the category
 of structured light; techniques which consist of projecting one or more
 encoded patterns onto an object and recovering shape data through triangulation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Methods
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Based on our goal of building a low-cost, accessible device, we decided
 that temporal multiplexing would be appropriate.
 This would allow us to use inexpensive hardware and yet still recover high-qual
ity results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The novelty of our approach lies in the combination of two structured light
 techniques.
 The first uses binary-coded patterns to quickly correlate pixels in the
 camera image to pixels in the projected pattern.
 This allows for generation of an approximation of the mesh within a few
 seconds.
 This approximation, though, is very rough, and is unsuitable for most engineeri
ng applications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second technique, called phase-shifted fringe projection, uses patterns
 that vary sinusoidally in intensity.
 By projecting different variants of the same pattern, a computer can recover
 the encoding with subpixel accuracy.
 However, there are three major drawbacks to this approach.
 First, this approach typically requires expensive hardware; second, the
 algorithm is computationally expensive, leading to a slow program; and
 third, the recovered information is periodic and lacks information about
 each pixel’s absolute value, defining it only relative to other pixels
 in the same region of the photo.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To solve these problems, we implemented phase-shifting with a higher number
 of samples than the standard four images, allowing us to correct for signal
 noise by averaging.
 Once our algorithm has collected the phase information, it uses the quick
 binary scan to “unwrap” the periodic phase map into a smooth representation
 of the distortions of the projected pattern on the object.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Implementation of our scanning process required an active projector and
 two or more digital cameras, and we used simulated results to help us select
 appropriate hardware.
 The projector was selected to be low cost, compact, and have a high resolution
 at the working distance.
 This last point is important because the accuracy of the scanning system
 is limited by the resolution of the projector; selecting a high-resolution
 projector with a short throw and a large throw ratio optimized our ability
 to measure accurately.
 Taking all of these parameters into account, the projector that was selected
 is the Optoma PK201 Pico Pocket Projector.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The cameras for the scanning system were selected to be low-cost and high-resolu
tion.
 The spatial resolution of the cameras needs to be equal to or greater than
 the spatial resolution of the projector at the working distance.
 For this reason, the Logitech C905 webcam was selected
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A custom mounting assembly was created for the setup, consisting of an L-beam,
 and custom designed camera and projector mounts.
 Additionally the camera casings were redesigned to fit the system.
 The system was designed to have flexible geometry, but also so the components
 could be locked in place so as to not change the calibration parameters.
 The whole assembly was placed inside a commercial light box in order to
 reduce stray light.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Scanning and duplicating a physical object requires digitization, format
 conversion, revision, and manufacture.
 Our research and implementation focus on digitization, which requires technique
s for hardware setup, data capture, and orientation tracking.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The setup process for scanning is the preparation of the equipment.
 The cameras and projector must be placed in a triangulation geometry.
 Optimal positioning will improve results and is determined by size of the
 object and the desired accuracy and precision.
 Calibration is then used to determine both the intrinsic and extrinsic
 parameters of the cameras and projector.
 First the cameras are calibrated, followed by the projector calibration.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our data capture technique involves first capturing images of patterns projected
 onto the subject.
 Next, our algorithms process the image data into meaningful encodings.
 Finally, using these encodings, the hardware geometry, and our newly-developed
 “hybrid” algorithm, we reconstruct the object as a computer model.
 This computer model is represented by a point cloud, where each point represent
s a pixel from the camera image.
 To export to the popular STL format, we use a meshing technique where points
 are connected based on their adjacency in the captured image.
 After export, the STL model may be used in many popular software packages
 for the purposes previously discussed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Before implementation, to prove the viability of our scanning method, we
 simulated the binary technique using POV-Ray raytracing software.
 This allowed us to specify hardware characteristics and generate an image
 as if we had used a particular camera and projector.
 A theoretically perfect 15 centimeter radius sphere was modeled and processed
 into a point cloud.
 Cross sections of the point cloud were taken and radii were fitted to the
 cross sections.
 The average radius 3.2 micrometers less than expected, with a standard deviation
 of 20.75 micrometers.
 The data also revealed that the system was resistant to directional influence.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our most significant result is the implementation of the software itself.
 Our software package, Pico Scan, allows the user to generate a point cloud
 of a single view of an object with a single click.
 The point cloud is displayed in 3D within the software itself.
 Pico Scan exports into the popular STL mesh format.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The final results achieved by this project were actual scans.
 These scans consisted of only a single 3D view of the object, and had noise
 caused by stray light in the regions where the patterns were not projected.
 For this reason the scans needed post-processing and manual stitching which
 prevented complete automation.
 However, the hybrid scans showed significant improvement in precision over
 the binary scans, validating the method.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This project set out to create a low cost system to digitize existing objects
 in full 3D for the purpose of enhancing the engineering design cycle.
 At the end the results we achieved proved that this is indeed possible
 with current technology and that with only a little more work these goals
 could have been fully satisfied.
 The hardware that was selected met the needs of the system and were sufficient
 to achieve engineering quality scans.
 Additionally the hybrid method that was proposed produced results that
 met the goals of the project.
 The only holdup was with the software development.
 For this reason it is recommended that future iterations of this project
 contain at least one computer science major to facilitate the implementation
 of software improvements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Despite the fact that the software is not yet capable to realizing the full
 goal of the project, the theory is sound.
 The project was still a success because it proved that relatively low cost
 hardware was capable of producing scans that could be used for engineering
 design or analysis.
 Additionally the current system is capable of producing the desired results,
 just not in an automated manner.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Future Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Finish projector calibration
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Implement stereo cameras
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Implement photogrammetry feature tracking
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Add noise filters
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Improve meshing algorithm
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Optimize software
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
In-depth analysis of system limitations
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
