#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Engineers are constantly seeking new tools to allow them to innovate more
 efficiently and effectively.
 The process of rapid digitization of an existing object, modification of
 that object in CAD software, and fabrication of the new object through
 rapid-prototyping is one such tool.
 Presently there are low cost options for both CAD packages and rapid prototypin
g.
 For example the open source software FreeCAD can be acquired free of charge.
 Additionally the RepRap project is a movement designed to make self replicating
 3D printers so that as many people as possible can own one.(cite) While
 there are still some parts that can not be printed such as the extrusion
 head, the fact that people are able to print the majority of parts for
 their 3D printers makes them readily accessible.
 However one part of this process is currently lacking.
 There does not presently exist a low cost solution for rapid-digitization
 of existing objects.
 Therefore the goal of this project is to create a cost effective system
 for rapid digitization that is easily integrable with existing CAD packages
 and 3D printers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Many engineering applications require digitized knowledge of the shape of
 a component or surface.
 The traditional method for obtaining this information, by use of a coordinate
 measuring machine (CMM), is costly, time consuming, and only provides a
 sparse data set.
 Accordingly, there has been a proliferation of techniques, devices, and
 software allowing users to generate a computer model by quickly 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

scanning
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 a component by optical techniques.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
These techniques still present challenges to small companies and hobbyists,
 since they are generally proprietary and often costly.
 This paper details the construction and use of an inexpensive, full field-of-vi
ew measuring system using easily obtained, commercially available components.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Importance of full field-of-view digitization
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are many reasons why a designer or operator may wish to obtain a CAD
 model from an existing physical component.
 To demonstrate the need for this technology, we will present several cases
 which represent a cross-section of the application of this type of system.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Replication or modification of existing parts
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are many situations where CAD files are not available for an existing
 component.
 In these situations sometimes it is infeasible to create a CAD through
 CAD software due to time constraints or complex geometry.
 In the situation of complex geometry in particular it is difficult to get
 precise measurements of 3D curves even with the use of a CMM.
 For example, Jay Leno uses an expensive 3D scanner to generate CAD models
 of antique car parts that are no longer commercially available.
 He is then able to create new replacement parts based on these models.
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Leno"

\end_inset

 There may also be situations where the component to be replicated needs
 to be modified in some way.
 Perhaps the whole part needs to be scaled to another size, or an additional
 feature is required.
 Digitization of the part allows for the CAD file to be modified, meaning
 that such changes are possible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
In-the-field analysis of structural integrity
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sometimes there are situations where a part is damaged and a replacement
 is not readily available.
 In these scenarios it is often unclear as to whether or not it is safe
 to continue using the damaged part.
 A well trained engineer will air on the side of caution and choose to wait
 for a replacement even if it means delays and lose of profit.
 However sometimes the opposite choice is made which can have disastrous
 consequences.
 However, rapid-digitization techniques can be used to alleviate this problem.
 By digitizing a damaged part with extensive detail on the damaged portion
 it is possible to create a CAD file with the damaged geometry.
 Finite element analysis (FEA) can then be performed on the model to see
 whether it is still safe to use or needs to be replaced immediately.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Additionally digitization can be used on a part that has already failed
 catastrophically.
 In this case the only important information is the digitized surface of
 the damaged region.
 By conducting a detailed analysis on the data obtained information can
 be gained on the failure mode.
 This will assist in avoiding repeated failure of replacement parts through
 either part redesign or maintenance and environmental changes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Art conservation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Custom accessories 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sometimes rather than modifying an existing part it is easier to create
 an accessory to enhance its function.
 In these senarios it is often necessary to know the precise geometry of
 the existing part to which the accessory will be attached.
 For example the company 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Quality Assurance
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Digitization technology can be implemented in the manufacturing process.
 Rapid digitization can be used on an assembly line to scan parts.
 Basic feature recognition can be used on the digitized parts to check for
 defects.
 Even if the process is not fast enough to scan a part as its moving on
 a conveyor, it can still be used on a sampling of parts for batch checking.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
