#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Open Source Libraries
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
OpenCV
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
OpenCV is an open source computer vision library created by Intel in 1999
 for the purpose of advancing the computer vision field(cite).
 OpenCV has a BSD software license, which is a minimally restricting license.
 OpenCV source code is free to use for academic and commercial purposes
 so long as the proper acknowledgments and copyrights are used.
 The OpenCV library contains a vast amount of source code for various computer
 vision application, and is supported by a large open source community.
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "opencv"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
OpenCV code was used in this project as part of the scanning program.
 The main use of OpenCV is in the calibration software.
 The camera calibration code for locating the corners on a checkerboard
 pattern was created using OpenCV source code.
 The other optional calibration patterns supported by the software also
 use OpenCV code.
 Additionally the solvePNP code used to match features for stereo calibration
 also utilizes OpenCV.
 The use of existing OpenCV source code to perform these complicated and
 vital tasks allowed for time to be focused on other areas of the development.
 This of course freed up vital time and allowed for other areas of the software
 to be more robust.
 The OpenCV stereo calibration code was also modified and re-purposed for
 the projector calibration.
 In this way the OpenCV library is responsible for most of the calibration
 code.
 Additionally, OpenCV code is used for the photogrammetry tracking used
 to track the orientation of the object being measured.
 In this way the OpenCV libraries form a crucial backbone for our software,
 working in support of our triangulation algorithm and binary projection
 code.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
PCL
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
OpenGL
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
OpenGl is an open source library for developing 2D and 3D graphical applications.
 It was created in 1992 and has become the industry standard for graphical
 programming.
 It is used in a variety of applications from animation to CAD software.
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "opengl"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this project OpenGL was used to create the 3D viewing environment for
 the point cloud data.
 This environment includes a coordinate system with the three major axes
 visable, as well as wireframe models of the cameras and projector, located
 in their calibrated positions and orientations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Qt
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Qt is an extensive framework for object-to-object communication and user
 interface construction.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
