#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Scan Studio
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Scan studio is the custom software created for this project.
 Scan studio was programmed in visual C++ and has a graphical user interface
 (GUI) that is built in the QT framework.
 Scan studio can be used to run simulations or perform scans.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Calibration
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Scan Studio has a built in camera and projector calibration process that
 utilizes the calibration algorithms detailed in the calibration section.
 While calibrating the cameras the real time images from both cameras is
 displayed in the program.
 Once calibration is complete the calibration results are automatically
 stored and used in any subsequent scans until they are either cleared or
 overwritten with a new calibration.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Scanning
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Scan Studio creates a single view scan of an object with a single button
 click.
 Once the scan button is pressed the software automatically projects the
 binary patterns and saves images from the cameras of each pattern.
 Additionally it is possible to chose how many images are taken and averaged
 together for each pattern.
 Once the images are all taken they are automatically processed by the triangula
tion algorithm and a point cloud is generated.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In addition to generating point clouds directly from a scan, Scan Studio
 is capable of generating point clouds from two other sources.
 The first is from a series of image files captured externally.
 The image files must contain the same reflected binary patterns, and the
 filenames must be formated correctly for Scan Studio to process them.
 The other source Scan Studio can process images from is simulations.
 Scan Studio is capable of interfacing with the POV-ray simulation software
 to generate images of an object with the same projected patterns.
 These images are then processed in the same way as real scan data.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Object View
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Scan studio renders point cloud data in a virtual 3D environment.
 The point cloud can be viewed from any angle as the coordinate system is
 rotated.
 Additionally wire-frame models of the cameras and projector are displayed
 in this view and are located at the positions indicated by the extrinsic
 calibration.
 Object view utilizes OpenGL, which is an open source library for rendering
 2D and 3D graphics.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Object view is capable of displaying multiple point clouds simultaneously.
 Additionally it updates the poistion of the existing point clouds based
 on the movement of the real object through the use of photogrametric tracking.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Meshing
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The point cloud data generated by Scan Studio can be exported as an .stl
 mesh file.
 The program generates the mesh using algorithms from Point Cloud Library
 (PCL).
 PCL is an open source library for processing point clouds.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
